## History

# v2.6
* **2.6.1**
 Bug fixes:
 * Android no longer applies the Java suppression for Findbugs by default

* **2.6.0**

 Improvements:
 * Upgraded to fully support Gradle 4.+
 * Upgraded PMD to 5.8.1
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 8.2
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 7.0.5
 * Java projects now use a default suppression similar to the Android one, favoring
    PMD checks when duplicate, and suppressing rules that are broken. Tests also
    have a more lax configurartion out of the box.
 * Changed default Android Lint warning `WifiManagerPotentialLeak` to error.
 * Fully supports Android Gradle plugin 3.0.0-beta4

 Bug fixes:
 * [#16](https://github.com/Monits/static-code-analysis-plugin/issues/16) - Remove usage of all deprecated Gradle APIs
 * A regression under Gradle 4.x where checkstyle reports where incorrectly considered out of date.

# v2.5
* **2.5.0**

 Improvements:
 * The plugin can properly handle Android's build-cache
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 7.8.2
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 7.0.2

 Bug fixes:
 * Fix [#17](https://github.com/Monits/static-code-analysis-plugin/issues/17) - The plugin now works with Android's build-cache

# v2.4
* **2.4.2**

 Improvements:
 * Upgraded PMD to 5.7.0
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 7.7
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 7.0.1

* **2.4.1**

 Improvements:
 * Upgraded PMD to 5.5.4
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 7.6
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 6.8.4

 Bug fixes:
 * Fix [#13](https://github.com/Monits/static-code-analysis-plugin/issues/13) - Running `--offline` does not even try to hit the network anymore

* **2.4.0**

 Improvements:
 * All default configs are now mantained and downloaded from GitHub itself!
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 6.8.3

# v2.3

* **2.3.5**

 Improvements:
 * Upgraded PMD to 5.5.3
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 7.5.1

* **2.3.4**

 Improvements:
 * Checkstyle tasks are configured with a 'checkstyle.cache.file' extension property per sourceset to configure
    cache file in the config if desired.
 * Default Checkstyle config for latest Checkstyle makes use of the local analysis cache property.
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 6.8.2
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 7.4

 Bug fixes:
 * Backported Checkstyle classpath fix from Gradle 3.3. [See original issue](https://github.com/gradle/gradle/issues/855)
 * Fix [#10](https://github.com/Monits/static-code-analysis-plugin/issues/10) - The plugin can now be applied before the Java / Android
plugins are applied.
 * Fix NullPointerException after a module dependency has been removed or deleted.

* **2.3.3**

 Bug fixes:
 * Reverted to PMD 5.5.1, since 5.5.2 introduced a NPE in CPD. [See related issue](https://sourceforge.net/p/pmd/bugs/1542/)

* **2.3.2**

 Improvements:
 * Upgraded PMD to 5.5.2
 * Stop using Gradle "<<" tasks operator, that's deprecated and will be removed in Gradle 4

* **2.3.1**

 Bug fixes:
 * Android plugin 2.2.0 no longer warns on the usage of `useJack`

 Improvements:
 * Android Lint task is now treated as a @CacheableTask under Gradle 3+
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 7.2
 * Upgraded Monits' Findbugs plugin to 0.2.0
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 6.8.0
 * No longer need Monits' SNAPSHOTS maven repository, the Monits' Findbugs plugin is in both jcenter and maven central

* **2.3.0**

 Bug fixes:
 * Fixed a performance regression when using Findbugs under Gradle 3.X

 Improvements:
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 7.1.1
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 6.6.3
 * CPD task makes better use of Gradle caching mechanisms, providing greatly increased performance

# v2.2
* **2.2.1**

 Bug fixes:
 * Don't change `provided` configuration if it already exists

* **2.2.0**

 Bug fixes:
 * Android lint outputs no longer includes "fatal" reports, which are generated by `:lintVital*` tasks
 * DownloadTask refreshes the file contents when config changes regardless of last modification date of each file

 Improvements:
 * CPDTask can now ignore literals, identifiers and configure language.
    Plugin defaults to java, ignoring literals and identifiers.
 * Android lint rules XML can now be confgured through DSL. Supports remote files.
 * Android lint honors `ignoreErrors` settings.
 * Android lint can be disabled / enabled through the DSL. When disabled, the task will simply be SKIPPED.
    `LintVital*` tasks will still run, since that is part of the build step for release builds, not the check step.
 * Android will not warn for usage of deprecated `useJack` option anymore.
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 7.1
 * Upgraded fb-contrib to 6.6.2
 * PMD can now cache remote config files, and use them when offline.
 * Android lint XML report is now written under `$buildDir/reports/android/android-lint.xml`
    for consistency with other tools. This name is the same regardless of the used plugin version.
    HTML report is untouched.

# v2.1
* **2.1.8**

 Bug fixes:
 * Android lint outputs are now properly set regardless of execution order

 Improvements:
 * Upgraded PMD to 5.5.1

* **2.1.7**

 Bug fixes:
 * Allow for dependencies and configurations being added late in the configuration process.
 * Checkstyle 6.19 should still use the latest checkstyle ruleset by default.

* **2.1.6**

 Bug fixes:
 * Add compatibility with Android Gradle 2.2.+. See [#6](https://github.com/Monits/static-code-analysis-plugin/issues/6)
 * Fix idea project import, dependency scopes are honored
 * Fix some typos in messages

* **2.1.5**

 Improvements:
 * PMD updated to 5.5.0
 * Checkstyle updated to 7.0 when using JRE 8+. If using JRE7, 6.19 is used, and an update warning issued.

* **2.1.4**

 Bug fixes:
 * Improve classpath configuration for PMD on Android tests

* **2.1.3**

 Bug fixes:
 * Improve classpath configuration for PMD on Android tests
 * CPD can now be run without having PMD running

* **2.1.2**

 Bug fixes:
 * Fix compatibility with Gradle 2.14

* **2.1.1**

 Improvements:
 * Upgraded PMD to 5.4.2
 * Upgraded Checkstyle to 6.19
 * Include compiled .class files to PMD analysis (backported from 3.+) to fix false positives.
    See https://github.com/gradle/gradle/pull/649 and https://sourceforge.net/p/pmd/bugs/1468/

* **2.1.0**

 Improvements:
 * We manually inject inputs and outputs to Android Lint tasks to allow it to report up-to-date when there are no changes.

# v2.0
* **2.0.1**

 Improvements:
 * Finbugs classpath and analyzed classes has been restricted. We get the same results, but with faster analysis.

 Bug fixes:
 * Findbugs reports only show issues in clases belonging to the corresponding sourceset.
 * Extra Android lint rules are properly configured on old ([1.0, 1.3)) versions of the Android Gradle plugin

* **2.0.0**

 New features:
 * Per-sourceset rules can now be configured by extended DSL. Reports are also generated by sourceset
 * Non-multimoule projects are now supported
 * The plugin is now fully compatible with plain Java projects
 * Remote checkstyle / findbugs config is downloaded gziped on Gradle 2.13 if possible
 * If there is no connectivity, downloading checkstyle / findbugs config will not fail the build if there is a previous downloaded version. A warning will be issued
 * PMD rules can now be configured as relative file paths
 * Default PMD rules are now configured according to the PMD version being used
 * Remote checkstyle / findbugs config download now honors the `--offline` flag
 * Files are now downloaded only once per run, regardless of number of projects / sourcesets configured
 * Warnings are issued when the version of gradle used is too old to support the latest tools
 * All tasks defined under the plugin are now parallelizable

 Bug fixes:
 * Fix classpath population on an clean project
 * Fix classpath population on Android proejcts to include generated classes in classpath (though still not analyzed)
 * Fix path to mockable-androir-xx.jar under Android Gradle plugin 2.+
 * Fix NPE when trying to not use a findbugs filter


# v1.6
* **1.6.5**
 * Update checkstyle to 6.18

* **1.6.4**
 * Remote config is now downloaded with a conditional request 
 * Update checkstyle to 6.17
 * Update fb-contrib to 6.6.1

* **1.6.3**
 * Works with Gradle 2.10 or later as intended 

* **1.6.2**
 * Botched release. Don't use.

* **1.6.1**
 * Update Checkstyle to 6.15
 * Update fb-contrib to 6.6.0

* **1.6.0**
 * PMD / Findbugs ignore changes to resources in module dependencies, just as it does for it's own.
 * Custom jars with Android lint rules can be specified as dependencies under `androidLint`

# v1.5

* **1.5.16**
  * Make sure Monits' repository is added to resolve dependencies
  * Upgrade to Checkstyle 6.14.1

* **1.5.15**
  * CPD no longer fails when no java files are found

* **1.5.14**
  * Update checkstyle to 6.14

* **1.5.13**
  * Update fb-contrib to 6.4.1

* **1.5.12**
  * Update PMD to 5.4.1

* **1.5.11**
  * Update Checkstyle to 6.13

* **1.5.10**
  * Update Checkstyle to 6.12.1
  * Update fb-contrib to 6.4.0

* **1.5.9**
  * Update Checkstyle to 6.12

* **1.5.8**
  * Publish sources and Javadocs

* **1.5.7**
  * Move to Bintray

* **1.5.6**
  * Add license gradle plugin 0.12.1

* **1.5.5**
  * Add classpath to PMD for Gradle >= 2.8

* **1.5.4**
  * PMD updated to v5.4.0

* **1.5.3**
  * Checkstyle for Gradle >= 2.7 updated to 6.11.1

* **1.5.2**
  * PMD for Gradle >= 2.4 updated to 5.3.4

* **1.5.1**
  * Bug fix: Checkstyle rules compatible with versions grater than 6.7

* **1.5.0**
  * Findbugs accepts remote location for ``findbugsExclude``

# v1.4

* **1.4.4**
  * Bug fix: doesn't crash when ``findbugsExclude`` is not defined

* **1.4.3**
  * Bug fix: now it works with JDK 1.7

* **v1.4.2**
  * Checkstyle updated to v6.10.1

* **1.4.1**
  * FB_CONTRIB updated to v6.2.3

* **1.4.0**
  * PMD updated to v5.1.3
  * PMD for Gradle < 2.4

# v1.3

* **1.3.2**
  * Checkstyle uses v6.9 if Gradle v2.7 is used. Else, it runs with v6.7.

* **1.3.1**
  * FB_CONTRIB updated to v6.2.2

* **1.3.0**
  * Plugin can be configured with ``ignoreErrors`` parameter to stop build if errors are found.

# v1.2

* **1.2.0**
  * PMD & CPD compatible with Gradle v2.3+. It resolves dependencies and tool versions according
   to the used gradle version.
